🚚 Update: Add 109th CatchUp (#124)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/109/content.adoc

Date: 10-12-2022

Duration: 4 hrs 32 mins

==== Topics Discussed

* General Introductions.
* We talked about people's views and opinions about link:https://chat.openai.com[ChatGPT^].
    ** link:https://chat.openai.com[ChatGPT^] knows the structure of how a sentence or a conversation should be formed but it lacks specificity and hence falls short.
    ** We also talked about how it might eliminate some jobs in the future.
    ** link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] shared his experience of trying to write a professional document using link:https://chat.openai.com[ChatGPT^] and the result was quite convincing.

>         *** He also said that he wrote the privacy policy statement for his project link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blurrit/idknnkkejgomjlgbdpoblkfhhicekdjl[Blurrit^] using link:https://chat.openai.com[ChatGPT^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *** He also said that he wrote the link:https://tusharnankani.github.io/blurrit/privacy[privacy policy statement] for his project link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blurrit/idknnkkejgomjlgbdpoblkfhhicekdjl[blurrit^] using link:https://chat.openai.com[ChatGPT^].
```

    ** Handle all the assignments and complete tasks in college itself and do whatever you want to do at home.
* We talked about what TCP and HTTP are before link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] showcased his project.
    ** The Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is one of the most widely used protocols on the internet for reliable data transfer.
    ** HTTP is an application layer protocol for fetching resources such as HTML documents.
* link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] suggested some resources to learn CSS for Chiranjeev to solve his issues with CSS.
    ** link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Rs2ND1ryYc[CSS Tutorial - Zero to Hero (Complete Course)^] by freecodecamp.
    ** link:https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9hhNl8shRf6TIL-dNkpSRV0[Coding Challenges playlist^] by thenetninja.
* link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^]
 shared an article about link:https://medium.com/dartlang/the-road-to-dart-3-afdd580fbefa[Dart Beta 3] release.

> * We officially Announced link:https://talks.ourtech.community[OTC Talks^] on link:https://twitter.com/OurTechComm/status/1601847953701863424?s=20[Twitter^] and link:https://t.me/OurTechComm[Telegram^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We officially Announced link:https://talks.ourtech.community[OTC Talks^] on link:https://twitter.com/OurTechComm/status/1601847953701863424[Twitter^] and link:https://t.me/OurTechComm[Telegram^].
```

> * link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] tried to debug his project, link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blurrit/idknnkkejgomjlgbdpoblkfhhicekdjl[Blurrit^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] tried to debug his project, link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blurrit/idknnkkejgomjlgbdpoblkfhhicekdjl[blurrit^] — to restrict it to WhatsApp Web and the shortcut key that clashes with the system `Ctrl + Shift + Z`.
```

    ** Overall, the meetup was a good experience with a sophisticated setting.
* link:https://twitter.com/PranavDani3[Pranav Dani^], link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] and link:https://twitter.com/hardikraheja[Hardik Raheja^] talked about human tendencies to click photos and videos and how it might affect one's experience.
    ** Building upon its implications, we talked about how FOMO (Fear of Missing Out) is one of the factors that drive social media images.
* link:https://twitter.com/SaifSaifee_dev[Saifuddin Saifee^] and link:https://twitter.com/t3_pat[Pratik Thakare^] talked about the subject of scrapping your old work.

==== Projects Showcased

* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] showcased his rendition and _Performance Comparison of TCP Versions_.
    ** The project is about learning and comparing how different TCP versions respond to network congestion, and about comparing how fair different TCP versions are to each other.
    ** link:https://harshkapadia2.github.io/tcp-version-performance-comparison[Hosted link^] for his notes.
    ** link:https://github.com/HarshKapadia2/tcp-version-performance-comparison[GitHub Repository^].

> * link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] showcased his _Portfolio website_.
>     ** link:https://tusharnankani.github.io[Tushar's Portfolio^].
> * link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] also showcased his Chrome Extension, _Blurrit_.
>     ** link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blurrit/idknnkkejgomjlgbdpoblkfhhicekdjl[Blurrit^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] showcased _void in the wild_.
    ** link:https://tusharnankani.github.io[Tushar Nankani's inner void^].
* link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] also showcased his Chrome Extension, _blurrit_.
    ** link:https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/blurrit/idknnkkejgomjlgbdpoblkfhhicekdjl[blurrit^], link:http://tusharnankani.github.io/blurrit[documentation].
```
